A data engineer is tasked with optimizing the cost of a Redshift cluster by relocating data that is older than 6 months into Amazon S3. The goal is to store this data in a way that minimizes expenses while still allowing it to be easily queried and combined with data in the cluster for reporting and analytics purposes. 
Which combination of steps will provide an appropriate solution. (Choose two)

Use the UNLOAD command to move data into S3 as JSON files 
Use Redshift Federated Query to access the data in S3.
Use the COPY command to move data into S3 as Parquet files.  
Use Redshift Spectrum to access the data in S3
Use the UNLOAD command to move data into S3 as Parquet files.  


Explanations:

A – Incorrect - Using the UNLOAD command to move data into S3 as JSON files is an incorrect choice because JSON is not an optimized storage format for querying and analytics workloads. While it is possible to store JSON files in S3, it would not be the most efficient choice for querying and analytics purposes

B – Incorrect - Using Redshift Federated Query to access the data in S3 is an incorrect choice because Federated Query is a feature that allows you to query relation databases such as MySQL and Postgres, not to query data in S3. 

C - Incorrect -  Using the COPY command to move data into S3 as Parquet files is an incorrect choice because the COPY command is used to load data into Redshift, not to export data from Redshift to S3

D – Correct - Using the UNLOAD command to move data into S3 as Parquet files is a correct choice because Parquet is a columnar storage format that is optimized for querying and analytics workloads. It is also a cost-effective storage format for large datasets. UNLOAD is a Redshift command that can be used to export data from Redshift to S3.

E – Correct - Using Redshift Spectrum to access the data in S3 is a correct choice because Redshift Spectrum is a feature that allows you to query data in S3 using SQL, without having to load the data into Redshift. This allows you to keep the data in S3, which is a cost-effective storage solution, and still be able to query it easily.
