A data engineer works at a video streaming service that stores large amounts of video content on Amazon S3.  They have a mix of frequently accessed content that needs to be readily available as well as a large amount of of older content that is accessed once per quarter.  The data engineer is tasked with optimizing storage costs while maintaining the required performance for their workload
Which combination of Amazon S3 storage classes will meet the requirements in the most cost effective way?
S3 Standard for frequently accessed content and S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval for infrequently accessed content.
S3 Standard for frequently accessed content and S3 Infrequent-Access for infrequently accessed content.
S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval for frequently accessed content and S3 Glacier Deep Archive for infrequently accessed archive content
S3 Standard-IA for frequently accessed content, S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval for infrequently accessed archive content.


Explanations:
LINK - S3 Storage Classes – https://aws.amazon.com/s3/storage-classes/

Blog – How Canva saves over $3 million annually in Amazon S3 costs – https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/storage/how-canva-saves-over-3-million-annually-in-amazon-s3-costs/

S3 Pricing - https://aws.amazon.com/s3/pricing/

The key with this question is data being accessed once per quarter.  According to S3 Storage class website (link above), “With S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval, you can save up to 68% on storage costs compared to using the S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) storage class, when your data is accessed once per quarter.”

S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval has a lower storage cost compared to S3 Standard-IA, but slightly higher data access costs.
S3 Standard-IA is more suitable if you need to access the data more frequently, as the higher storage cost may be offset by lower data access costs.

A – Correct. 

B – Incorrect – Very tempting to choose this and it would work but it won’t be the MOST COST OPTIMIZED

C – You don’t use Glacier Instant Retrieval for frequently accessed content

D – You don’t use Standard-IA for frequently accessed content
