A data engineer is planning to migrate their on-premises database to Amazon RDS. As part of the migration, they need to perform a schema conversion from the on-premises database to the Amazon RDS database. The data engineer also wants the solution to scan their application source code for embedded SQL statements and convert them as part of the project.
What is the recommended approach to perform the schema conversion for the migration in the most operationally efficient way?
A. Use the AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to convert the database schema and migrate the data.
B. Manually convert the database schema using SQL scripts and then use AWS DMS to migrate the data.
C. Use the AWS Schema Conversion Tool (AWS SCT) to convert the database schema and then use AWS DMS to migrate the data.
D. Use the AWS Schema Conversion Tool (AWS SCT) to convert the database schema, and then use the AWS Transfer family to migrate the data the data.


Explanations:
A - Incorrect - The AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) can migrate data between supported source and target databases, but it does not perform schema conversions. A separate tool like the AWS Schema Conversion Tool (AWS SCT) is needed to convert the database schema.

B - Incorrect - While manually converting the database schema using SQL scripts is possible, it is not the recommended or operationally efficient approach compared to using AWS tools designed for the migration process.

C - Correct - Using the AWS Schema Conversion Tool (AWS SCT) to convert the database schema and then AWS DMS to migrate the data is the recommended approach for performing a schema conversion and data migration to Amazon RDS in an operationally efficient way. AWS SCT is designed to convert database schemas, while AWS DMS is designed to migrate data.

D - Incorrect - Using the AWS Schema Conversion Tool (AWS SCT) to convert the database schema and then using Transfer family is not the recommended approach. While AWS SCT can handle the schema conversion, you would use DMS to migrate the DB.  Transfer Family is for FTP data.
